Add section about nulls (#32552)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/style-guide/conventions.md

Although the previous example showed that a struct Discriminated Union yielded better performance, it is common to have larger Discriminated Unions when modeling a domain. Larger data types like that may not perform as well if they are structs depending on the operations on them, since more copying could be involved.

### Functional programming and nulls

> Nulls should normally be avoided, most F# types don't allow nulls, however some .NET types are frequently used if F# and they allow nulls, this is the case for arrays and strings. In practice there's no need to check for nulls but if you do fail fast, this applies to FSharp libraries as well. Although for legacy reasons some string functions in FSharp.Core still treat nulls as empty strings we shouldn't take them as guidance, that is we would not encourage attributing any semantic meaning to "null".

Reviewer: I really like that we are adding this, and my suggestions here are to add clarity to your points. This is sufficiently important that we can spend more space.

```suggestion
Nulls should generally be avoided in F#. F# supports nulls because some common .NET APIs return or accept nulls and some common types such as arrays and strings allow nulls. However, one of the benefits of using F# is to avoid null reference errors in most cases.

In practice there's no need to check for nulls but if you do fail fast, this applies to FSharp libraries as well. Although for legacy reasons some string functions in FSharp.Core still treat nulls as empty strings we shouldn't take them as guidance, that is we would not encourage attributing any semantic meaning to "null".
```

I am confused by "most F# types don't have nulls". Members? 

Can we clarify this? _In practice there's no need to check for nulls but if you do fail fast, this applies to FSharp libraries as well._ If you are working with .NET APIs, this does not necessarily hold. 

_Although for legacy reasons some string functions in FSharp.Core still treat nulls as empty strings we shouldn't take them as guidance, that is we would not encourage attributing any semantic meaning to "null"._

Reviewer: @vzarytovskii

Author: from my conversation with @dsyme :
> ... libraries should fail fast for sure
> Should be added to the coding guidelines - "in practice no need to check for nulls but if you do fail fast

Reviewer 2: I'll commit the suggestion and edit a little

### If you check for null inputs, raise exceptions at first opportunity

When writing new F# code, in practice there's no need to check for null inputs, unless you expect that code to be used from C# or other .NET languages.

If you do decide to add checks for null inputs, perform the checks at first opportunity and raise an exception. For example:

```fsharp
let inline checkNonNull argName arg =
    if isNull arg then
        nullArg argName

module Array =
    let contains value (array:'T[]) =
        checkNonNull "array" array
        let mutable result = false
        let mutable i = 0
        while not state && i < array.Length do
            result <- value = array[i]
            i <- i + 1
        result
```

For legacy reasons some string functions in FSharp.Core still treat nulls as empty strings and do not fail on null arguments. However do not take this as guidance, and do not adopt coding patterns that attribute any semantic meaning to "null".

>  

Reviewer 3: fix lint issue:

```suggestion

```
